topics:

World.map!
busan, northkorea (pin)
const locPin = {
1 json info object => infographic/characters(wb=2.3)
1 long form/timed entry (save and change)
1 delay-length choice (asap, a while, forget about it)
}
qingdao, chinar (pin) => {locPin}

tictacreactjs tutorial tutorial and brag blog
thinking about game AI principles - now with 50% more cautionary tales!
1. examples and nonexemplar
2. finding balances (probability?)
    a. relate to ex and nonex
    b. choosing the level of complexity (tictactoe vs westworld)
    c. why not have both?
3. funny statistics

the quest to reinvent: tic tac toe
1. turing test
2. 3d ttt
3. ttt as a module in dadeuce (and later even boober)


reinventing the wingbird: boober.org
peter theils advice to monopolize (order of magnitude improvement) a "small" market, then concentricly take over spaces.  this is a game advice and is totally true for certain types of games.  the ability to adapt is crucial, but must keep our target in sights and knowing the big picture of how each block/module fits is useful but not totally necessary.
the online dating problem is too big.  how bout focus on people who like swiping through pictures and profiles, want to be able to put other people into boxes, but also want the ablity to get out of boxes that other people put you in if its wrong.

unconscious needs dictate conscious behavior:
sensistize myself to: why am i making this decision
know my weakpoints and guard myself, and eventually bring in others
no greed in my heart.  a veil is lifted.  
how to create a sense of uniqueness that makes us in demand

people will rationalize anything

During the early seasons of Game of Thrones, friends would gather in what we called Throne Rooms to watch the newest episode, refer to each other as Lords and Ladies and, on occasional moments of higher elevation, would look down upon the grubby masses and laugh with ironic superiority at our status (as the Lords).  Little did we know, there was a real game of power happening, and soon our numbers would be dwindled.


tippi limerick:
was born in the america 2020
a driver so good for the many
please welcome into my car,
he said, i care to carry you far
please play the game and tip me plenty!   

my goal as a game designer is to give people interesting choices
first one:
[]let me watch (collect data to "improve the game" if you check the box yourself)*?

"a good waste of time" -blake edwards, trophy lawyer
"i read 500 pages of legal document in a week" -also blake edwards, trophy lawyer

sexual lawyer, evil lawyer, or [insert surprise here]! lawyer (don't worry, you can be all if you Keep It Tall!)
first choice (what kind of lawyer do want to become next)
is a goal, which they do rounds at until they get the hang of it
then their reward is another interesting choice of surprise true or false if they get it right, it unlocks a new "adventure".
but its not all legal fun and games, beware of "party mode"!
all "quotes" aside, the full-frontal experience really starts once you've earned enough Bballs to do "travel mode"!
anything is possible when you hurt yourself for money :)

*modal pop-up (hey we noticed you didn't agree to let me watch, so its like you're willing to enjoy yourself but don't want to help the rest of us, so perhaps examine your yourself, maybe it was because of the "phrasing" that we use in this "lawyer-based adult-themed game", so are you sure you won't let us watch you play? oh is it because of anymymyty? don't worry, all ur mymy's are safe and precious, we just want to make graphs and see the real real)